"""

Title: The Glory of American Entrepreneurship, Fact or Fantasy?

Student: Jorge Sebasti√°n Castro Schebesta

Code: 20195578

The US, a Western power, has been collectively conceived as the country in 
which there is one of the most entrepreneurial, dynamic and flexible economies
in the world. However, the reality is different. In this opportunity, I intend 
to identify both the main ideas and the relevance of the academic work "The 
Role of Entrepreneurship in US Job Creation and Economic Dynamism" by 
economists Ryan Decker, John Haltiwanger, Ron Jarmin, and Javier Miranda. 
Also, I will express a brief opinion on it.

It has been pointed out that the image of the US as the great land of 
opportunity in terms of entrepreneurship is not entirely true, because from a 
series of dimensions and a variety of sources, used in the document written by 
the aforementioned economists, it can be realize that the US economy is 
becoming less and less dynamic. Start-ups represent a minority compared to 
so-called high-growth companies, which, disproportionately young, account for 
about 50 percent of gross job creation. While the majority of new companies 
emerge within their first ten years, and most of the young companies that 
survive do not grow but remain small, there are young companies that show very 
high growth and contribute substantially to the creation of job.

Through a wealth of academic sources, accompanied by tables and graphs, Ryan 
Decker, John Haltiwanger, Ron Jarmin, and Javier Miranda managed to carry out 
an academic work of great relevance, because they analyze a current situation 
in terms of entrepreneurship in a powerful country: they concluded that both 
start-ups and young companies contribute greatly to job creation and 
productivity growth in the US. However, such contribution is not an easy 
process, but rather a tedious one: start-ups contribute substantially to 
immediate job creation, but most start-ups fail. Likewise, a small fraction of 
young, high-growth companies contribute disproportionately to job creation in 
the United States. In my opinion, this scenario makes the glory of American 
business dynamism conceive, in the first instance, as a fantasy. However, the 
incentives for entrepreneurship and the existing job creation in the US give 
hope that this presumed fantasy will become a reality.

"""

