"""
Title: The Nazi virus, an enemy of the quality of German education
Student: Jorge Sebastián Castro Schebesta
Code: 20195578

Nazism represented, without a doubt, a dark period for Germany: under an 
anti-Semitic discourse, the Nazis attacked education by firing all Jewish 
professors from German universities, including Johann (John) von Neumann, 
Richard Courant and Richard von Mises, the most outstanding mathematicians of
that time. The illustrious professor Fabian Waldinger wrote an article, 
entitled “Quality matters: the expulsion of professors and the consequences 
for PhD student outcomes in Nazi Germany”, in order to investigate the quality
of the faculty in the results of doctoral students from of the dismissal of 
mathematics teachers in Nazi Germany. On this occasion, I propose to point out
the main ideas of Waldinger's academic work, prioritizing the strengths and 
weaknesses of his approach, his contribution, and the valuable and timely next
steps to advance this research question.

A strength of Waldinger's work is the collection of a wealth of historical 
sources to build a rich analysis. Another advantage is that this article has 
data from doctoral students from the 1920s and 1930s, in which all have 
managed to complete their scientific career. In addition, Fabian Waldinger has
constructed annual means of university quality from combining the dataset at 
the doctoral student level with data on all German mathematics professors, 
including their publication and citation records. It is important to mention 
that by obtaining information on all dismissed professors from various sources,
Waldinger has been able to calculate how much university quality fell due to
dismissals after 1933. However, the counterpart of this series of strengths is 
a couple of clearly identified weaknesses in the work approach, for example, 
the fact that the quality and results of doctoral students are two associated 
variables does not mean that one is the predictor of the other: correlation is 
not synonymous with causality. Likewise, measuring university quality is not 
an easy task: the result may be accompanied by biases and certain errors.

With strengths and weaknesses, the contribution of Fabian Waldinger's article 
to the academic world is to have shown that doctoral students were more 
affected in departments with arbitrary and anti-Semitic dismissal of valuable 
faculty compared to students in departments without dismissals. Through this 
fact, it is concluded that the quality of the teaching staff and the faculty 
during the doctoral training has a role of vast importance for the short and 
long-term career of the students. The author of the academic work recognizes 
that this research question can be advanced from the investigation by experts 
in Political Science about the best doctoral programs not only in Germany, but 
also beyond the borders. Personally, I agree with Waldinger's contribution, 
and I recognize that the collection of data in graphs and tables, as well as 
their interpretation, have made this a valuable academic work, which can give 
rise to other research works with a similar theme, such as, for example, the 
quality of the faculty in the results of the doctoral students of the 
San Marcos University at the time of the internal armed conflict in Peru.
"""

